src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'databaseName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'databaseName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'user' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'user' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectionString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectionString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mongoClientSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mongoClientSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mongoClientSettings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mongoClientSettings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:58:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:58:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scadute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scadute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestActive' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestActive' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:147:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:147:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestMalus' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestMalus' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:158:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:170:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/admin/AdminController.java:170:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:90:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:116:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:161:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:161:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:183:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setReviewBooking' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:183:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setReviewBooking' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locInclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locInclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:180:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:180:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:186:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:186:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:195:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:200:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:200:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:216:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:216:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/manager/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numPersone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numPersone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:115:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccountPsw' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:115:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccountPsw' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:32:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:32:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '41'-'46').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '41'-'46').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:72:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:72:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedU' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedU' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:123:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:123:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:124:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:124:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:124:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:125:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listToOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listToOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageDigest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messageDigest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'no' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'no' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like no
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like no
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:174:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:174:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:180:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:180:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lenght' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lenght' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gen' (lines '193'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lowerCaseChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lowerCaseChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lowerCaseRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lowerCaseRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'upperCaseChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'upperCaseChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'upperCaseRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'upperCaseRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'digitChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'digitChars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'digitRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'digitRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '206'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splCharRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splCharRule' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:224:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'password'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:224:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'password'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventPlus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventPlus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:233:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:233:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:234:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '234'-'236').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:234:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '234'-'236').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:234:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:234:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '236'-'236').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '236'-'236').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:241:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:241:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pointA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pointA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pointB' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pointB' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:253:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 6372.795477598 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:253:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 6372.795477598 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:32:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mail
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:32:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mail
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:32:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:32:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the prop field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the prop field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:35:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nameTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nameTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '57'-'93').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '57'-'93').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '57'-'93').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '57'-'93').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like resultStringBuilder
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like resultStringBuilder
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:77:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:77:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mimeBodyPart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mimeBodyPart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multipart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'multipart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hh' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hh' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hh
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hh
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:136:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:137:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:145:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:145:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'book' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'book' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hh' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hh' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hh
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like hh
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:165:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:166:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:173:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "</li>" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 173
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:173:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "</li>" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 173
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:200:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:200:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:207:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:207:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:211:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Mail.java:211:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:10:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:10:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codeFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codeFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Location' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Location' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provincia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provincia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sigla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sigla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regione' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regione' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AddAdminRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AddAdminRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Admin' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Admin' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:50:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:50:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:60:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:61:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:63:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:63:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:184:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:185:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:187:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/Admin.java:187:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AdminReportResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AdminReportResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like managerPlusResponse
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like managerPlusResponse
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerPlusResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerPlusResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediaComes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mediaComes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numEventi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numEventi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFuturi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFuturi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numEventi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numEventi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFuturi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFuturi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comesMean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comesMean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminReportResponse.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AdminResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=17)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AdminResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=17)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'admin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'admin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:162:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:162:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/AdminResponse.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/EditAdminRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/EditAdminRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/EditAdminRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/EditAdminRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ReportAdmResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.524%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:14:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ReportAdmResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=9.524%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'events' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'events' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'request' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'request' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:71:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:235:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'events' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:235:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'events' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:243:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:253:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'request' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:253:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'request' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'request' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'request' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/admin/ReportAdmResponse.java:261:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/AddBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/AddBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Booking' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Booking' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=18)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:167:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:167:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/CheckBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/CheckBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/EditBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/EditBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/EditBookingRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/EditBookingRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/PaymentRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/PaymentRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/ReviewBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/ReviewBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserEventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserEventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:57:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:174:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:174:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:183:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:183:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:191:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:201:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'user' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:201:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'user' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/UserEventBookedResponse.java:209:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/AddEventRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/AddEventRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EditEventRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EditEventRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EditEventRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EditEventRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Event' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.846%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=31)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Event' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.846%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=31)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:69:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:69:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:202:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:202:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:210:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:220:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '220'-'221').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:220:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '220'-'221').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'setDateCheck(Date)'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:245:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'setDateCheck(Date)'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:260:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:260:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:278:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:278:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:314:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:314:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:350:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:350:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:157:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:157:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:165:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=26)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=26)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'manager' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'manager' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:83:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:184:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:184:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:192:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:310:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'manager' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:310:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'manager' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'manager' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'manager' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventManResponse.java:318:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventPlus' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=35)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventPlus' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=3.333%, NOPA=0, NOAM=26, WMC=35)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:75:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:75:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:95:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:95:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:116:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:118:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:212:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:212:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:220:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '230'-'231').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '230'-'231').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:255:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:255:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:270:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:270:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:379:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:397:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventPlus.java:397:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reviewTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=11, NOAM=22, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=11, NOAM=22, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:88:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:88:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:169:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:169:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:177:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'double1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'double1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponseTour' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:17:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponseTour' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:32:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:32:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:49:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:49:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priceTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTour.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priceTot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponseTourComplete' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=6, NOAM=0, WMC=2)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponseTourComplete' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=6, NOAM=0, WMC=2)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'finded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'finded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'u' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'u' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:69:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponseTourComplete.java:69:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/AddManagerRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/AddManagerRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EditManagerRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EditManagerRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EditManagerRequest.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EditManagerRequest.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EventTick.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EventTick.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EventTick.java:14:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'ticketInsps'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/EventTick.java:14:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'ticketInsps'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manager' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.545%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=41)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manager' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.545%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=41)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'risorsa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'risorsa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:83:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:84:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:84:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:86:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:86:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:112:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'risorsa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'risorsa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:132:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:133:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:133:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:135:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:135:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:261:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:261:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:261:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:276:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:276:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:313:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:313:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:313:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:313:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:315:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:316:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:316:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:316:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:316:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:318:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:318:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerPlusResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:20:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerPlusResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateRenewal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerPlusResponse.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateRenewal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerReportResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerReportResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'review' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'review' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'review' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'review' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'review'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:42:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'review'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comedPeople' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comedPeople' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occupedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occupedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'meanReview' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'meanReview' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'perdita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'perdita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'saldo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'saldo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occupedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occupedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comedPeople' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'comedPeople' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'saldo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'saldo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'perdita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerReportResponse.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'perdita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=23)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:85:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:85:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:251:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:251:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ReportManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=25)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ReportManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=25)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ExcessiveParameterList:	ExcessiveParameterList: Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'booking' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'booking' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:83:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:177:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:177:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:185:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:293:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:293:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'booking' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'booking' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'booking' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'booking' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ReportManResponse.java:311:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketManResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tickets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tickets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tickets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/TicketManResponse.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tickets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:23:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Request' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:23:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Request' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateRenewal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/request/Request.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateRenewal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/AddTicketInspRequest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/AddTicketInspRequest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/EditTicketInspRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/EditTicketInspRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/EditTicketInspRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/EditTicketInspRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInsp' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=14)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInsp' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=14)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:144:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:144:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInspResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:18:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInspResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ticket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ticket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/AddUserRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/AddUserRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/EditUserRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/EditUserRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/EditUserRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/EditUserRequest.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=12.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=37)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=12.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=37)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:28:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:28:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:86:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:204:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:204:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:219:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:219:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:238:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:247:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:247:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:250:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:250:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '285'-'286').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '285'-'286').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newsletter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newsletter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:51:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:176:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'user' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:176:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'user' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'user' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserBookedResponse.java:184:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=27)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=27)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:218:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:228:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:228:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:236:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:273:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:273:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:276:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:276:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newsletter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newsletter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "{\n" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "{\n" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$match': {\n" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$match': {\n" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:32:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'userId': ObjectId('?0')\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:32:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'userId': ObjectId('?0')\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:33:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 21 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 33
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:33:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 21 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 33
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " {\n" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:34:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " {\n" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:35:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$lookup': {\n" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 35
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:35:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$lookup': {\n" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 35
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'from': 'events', \n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'from': 'events', \n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'localField': 'eventId', \n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'localField': 'eventId', \n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'foreignField': '_id', \n" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'foreignField': '_id', \n" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:39:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'as': 'event'\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 39
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:39:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'as': 'event'\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 39
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:46:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$sort': {\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 46
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:46:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$sort': {\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 46
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'event.dataOra': 1\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "            'event.dataOra': 1\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:22:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:22:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:113:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:113:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:164:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:164:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:165:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 165
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:165:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 165
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:199:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/event/EventRepository.java:199:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " {\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " {\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:29:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:29:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$lookup': {\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:31:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        '$lookup': {\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 31
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/ManagerRepository.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/RequestRepository.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/manager/RequestRepository.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'admin' (lines '67'-'69').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'admin' (lines '67'-'69').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:67:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'admin' is never used (overwritten on line 69)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:67:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'admin' is never used (overwritten on line 69)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'admin' (lines '69'-'74').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'admin' (lines '69'-'74').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:70:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:70:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:111:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:115:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:115:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalAdmin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admins' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:151:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:151:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:162:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAdminReport()' has a cognitive complexity of 23, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:162:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAdminReport()' has a cognitive complexity of 23, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportMongo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportMongo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numEventi' (lines '168'-'177').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numEventi' (lines '168'-'177').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numEventi' (lines '168'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numEventi' (lines '168'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFuturi' (lines '169'-'178').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFuturi' (lines '169'-'178').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numFuturi' (lines '169'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numFuturi' (lines '169'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mediaComes' (lines '170'-'179').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mediaComes' (lines '170'-'179').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mediaComes' (lines '170'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:170:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mediaComes' (lines '170'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rating' (lines '171'-'180').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rating' (lines '171'-'180').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rating' (lines '171'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rating' (lines '171'-'203').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:175:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:175:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:182:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:182:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:191:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:191:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:193:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:193:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:198:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:198:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:199:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:199:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:200:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:200:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adminData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:215:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:215:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:216:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:216:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scadute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scadute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:235:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:235:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:236:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:236:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestActive' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestActive' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:247:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:254:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:254:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:256:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:256:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:268:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestDate' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:268:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestDate' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reqManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:272:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:272:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestDateMalus' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRequestDateMalus' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:289:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:289:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:291:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:291:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:292:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:292:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newsGood' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newsGood' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:321:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:321:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reqManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:327:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:327:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:329:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:329:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:330:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/admin/AdminService.java:330:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BookingService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BookingService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BookingService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:43:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BookingService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like eventPlusRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like eventPlusRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'booking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'booking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '86'-'89').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '86'-'89').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:86:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on line 89)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:86:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on line 89)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '89'-'107').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '89'-'107').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:90:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:90:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:93:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:93:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ev' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ev
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ev
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:199:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:199:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:201:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:201:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:202:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:202:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pastFuture' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pastFuture' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:217:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'223').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'223').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'225').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'227').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventsA' (lines '221'-'227').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'eventsA' is never used (overwritten on lines 223, 225 and 227)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:221:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'eventsA' is never used (overwritten on lines 223, 225 and 227)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:223:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:223:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:223:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:223:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:225:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:225:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:225:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:225:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:227:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:227:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:229:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:229:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:230:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:230:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:244:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:248:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:249:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:249:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:250:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:250:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:264:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:264:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:267:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:267:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:281:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:281:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:284:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:284:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:285:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:285:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:286:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:286:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userEventA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userEventA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:303:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:303:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:304:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:306:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:307:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:307:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:315:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:315:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment(String, PaymentRequest)' has a cognitive complexity of 38, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment(String, PaymentRequest)' has a cognitive complexity of 38, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment(String, PaymentRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment(String, PaymentRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:326:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkerPayment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:327:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:328:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:330:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:330:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:332:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:332:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:336:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '336'-'349').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:336:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '336'-'349').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:336:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '336'-'376').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:336:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '336'-'376').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:337:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:340:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:340:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:343:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:344:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:344:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:345:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalMan' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:345:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalMan' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:347:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:347:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:349:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '349'-'376').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:349:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '349'-'376').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:353:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:353:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:355:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:355:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cs' (lines '362'-'364').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cs' (lines '362'-'364').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cs
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cs
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'cs' is never used (overwritten on line 364)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:362:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'cs' is never used (overwritten on line 364)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:365:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:366:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:366:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:396:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '396'-'398').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:396:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '396'-'398').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:396:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on line 398)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:396:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on line 398)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:398:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '398'-'411').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:398:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '398'-'411').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:399:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:399:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:402:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:402:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:407:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:407:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setReview' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setReview' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:420:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'review' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:422:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:422:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:424:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:424:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:428:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:428:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:430:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createCustomer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createCustomer': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:23:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:23:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'chargeCreditCard': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'chargeCreditCard': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:36:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentService.java:36:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TEST_STRIPE_SECRET_KEY
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TEST_STRIPE_SECRET_KEY
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'createCustomer(String, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'createCustomer(String, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:41:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customerMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:43:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:50:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'customer'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:50:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'customer'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:52:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:52:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cardNr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cardNr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'chargeCreditCard(Order, String, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'chargeCreditCard(Order, String, String, String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:69:	UseObjectForClearerAPI:	UseObjectForClearerAPI: Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:72:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:72:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	UseStandardCharsets:	UseStandardCharsets: Please use StandardCharsets constants
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:76:	UseStandardCharsets:	UseStandardCharsets: Please use StandardCharsets constants
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:80:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/PaymentServiceImpl.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:43:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:54:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:54:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the bookingService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the bookingService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:58:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:58:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ticketService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ticketService field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:72:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:72:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update(EditEventRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update(EditEventRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'update(EditEventRequest)' has an NPath complexity of 768, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'update(EditEventRequest)' has an NPath complexity of 768, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'update' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:156:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:156:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:156:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:156:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:174:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '174'-'206').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:174:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '174'-'206').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:174:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:174:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataOra" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 176
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataOra" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 176
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'184').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'184').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'187').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'187').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'190').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'190').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'195').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'195').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'198').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'198').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'201').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '176'-'201').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:180:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:180:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:182:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:182:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:182:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:182:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:183:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:183:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:183:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:183:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:186:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:186:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:186:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:186:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:194:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:194:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:194:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:194:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:197:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:197:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:197:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:197:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:208:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:208:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:212:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:212:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:213:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "events" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 213
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:213:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "events" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 213
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:214:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "currentPage" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 214
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:214:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "currentPage" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 214
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:215:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "totalItems" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 215
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:215:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "totalItems" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 215
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:216:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "totalPages" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 216
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:216:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "totalPages" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 216
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:219:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:219:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:234:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:234:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:235:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '235'-'258').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:235:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '235'-'258').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:235:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 258)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:235:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 258)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:239:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:239:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:240:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:240:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:241:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:241:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:247:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:247:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:248:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:248:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:258:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:258:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:260:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:260:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:264:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:264:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:271:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:271:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:277:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:277:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:288:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '288'-'301').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:288:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '288'-'301').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:288:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 301)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:288:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 301)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:292:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:292:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:292:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:292:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:294:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:294:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:294:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:294:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:296:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:296:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:296:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:296:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:303:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:303:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:307:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:307:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:312:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:312:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:314:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:314:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:320:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:320:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locInclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locInclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:329:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:333:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:333:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:336:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:344:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:344:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'region' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'region' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:355:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:355:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:358:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:358:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:358:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:358:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:360:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:360:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:364:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:364:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:371:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:371:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'types' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'types' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:388:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:388:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:393:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:393:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:394:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:394:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:397:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:398:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:398:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:398:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:398:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:403:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:403:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:405:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:405:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:419:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:426:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:426:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:429:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:429:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:432:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:432:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:437:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:437:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:438:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:438:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:451:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:451:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:451:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:451:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:455:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:455:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:460:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:460:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:462:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:462:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:464:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:464:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:464:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:464:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:469:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:469:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:471:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:471:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:479:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:479:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:482:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:482:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:493:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:493:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:501:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:501:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:538:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:538:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'manager' (lines '57'-'59').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'manager' (lines '57'-'59').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:57:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'manager' is never used (overwritten on line 59)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:57:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'manager' is never used (overwritten on line 59)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'manager' (lines '59'-'69').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'manager' (lines '59'-'69').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:65:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:65:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'man' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'man' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:149:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:149:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userEventA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userEventA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:167:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:167:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:169:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:169:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:170:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:170:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getManagerReport(String)' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getManagerReport(String)' has a cognitive complexity of 19, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:181:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportMongo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportMongo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'occuped' (lines '190'-'198').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'occuped' (lines '190'-'198').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'occuped' (lines '190'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'occuped' (lines '190'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'occuped' is never used (overwritten on line 198)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:190:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'occuped' is never used (overwritten on line 198)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'comedPeople' (lines '191'-'199').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'comedPeople' (lines '191'-'199').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'comedPeople' (lines '191'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'comedPeople' (lines '191'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'comedPeople' is never used (overwritten on line 199)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:191:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'comedPeople' is never used (overwritten on line 199)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'saldo' (lines '192'-'206').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'saldo' (lines '192'-'206').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'saldo' (lines '192'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'saldo' (lines '192'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'saldo' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:192:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'saldo' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'perdita' (lines '193'-'207').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'perdita' (lines '193'-'207').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perdita' (lines '193'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perdita' (lines '193'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'perdita' is never used (overwritten on line 207)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:193:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'perdita' is never used (overwritten on line 207)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventDetails' (lines '194'-'208').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventDetails' (lines '194'-'208').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eventDetails' (lines '194'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eventDetails' (lines '194'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'eventDetails' is never used (overwritten on line 208)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:194:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'eventDetails' is never used (overwritten on line 208)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:195:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'review' (lines '195'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:195:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'review' (lines '195'-'219').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:201:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:201:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:201:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:201:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:204:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:204:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:205:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:205:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:208:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:208:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:210:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:210:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:215:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:215:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:216:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/ManagerService.java:216:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:56:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:56:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:91:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:91:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:96:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:96:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requestData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:113:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:113:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:139:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:139:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scaduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '143'-'160').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'man' (lines '143'-'160').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqs' (lines '144'-'148').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqs' (lines '144'-'148').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqs' (lines '144'-'158').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqs' (lines '144'-'158').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reqs' is never used (overwritten on lines 148 and 158)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:144:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reqs' is never used (overwritten on lines 148 and 158)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dt' (lines '146'-'166').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dt' (lines '146'-'166').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/manager/RequestService.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tick' (lines '55'-'70').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tick' (lines '55'-'70').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:56:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:56:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numRand' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numRand' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalTicketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalTicketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like optionalTicketInsp
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like optionalTicketInsp
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ti
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ti
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalTicketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalTicketInsp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:120:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like optionalTicketInsp
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:120:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like optionalTicketInsp
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:143:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:143:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:161:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:161:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:166:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:166:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:177:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:177:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:184:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:184:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:185:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:185:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:200:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:200:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:201:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:201:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 83 (highest 30).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 83 (highest 30).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 27).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 27).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 27).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 27).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '89'-'94').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '89'-'94').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:90:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:90:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookByUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookByUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:187:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:187:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:188:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:188:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 51, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 51, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:200:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:203:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:203:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tickets' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tickets' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:209:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:209:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:210:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "NONE" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 210
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:210:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "NONE" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 210
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:210:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:210:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:215:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:215:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:216:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:216:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:216:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:216:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:219:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR. invalid password" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 219
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:219:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ERROR. invalid password" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 219
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'admin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:229:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:230:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:236:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:239:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:239:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:250:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:250:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCheck' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:254:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:255:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:255:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:257:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:257:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:261:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:261:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:266:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:266:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:281:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:281:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:284:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'eventR'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:284:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'eventR'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:285:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:285:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a cognitive complexity of 94, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a cognitive complexity of 94, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 30.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 30.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numPers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numPers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has an NPath complexity of 16560, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has an NPath complexity of 16560, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a NCSS line count of 93.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getEvenTour(String, Integer, Integer)' has a NCSS line count of 93.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:299:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getEvenTour' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'u' (lines '301'-'303').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'u' (lines '301'-'303').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'u' is never used (overwritten on line 303)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:301:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'u' is never used (overwritten on line 303)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:305:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:305:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '311'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '311'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:311:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:313:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:313:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateE' (lines '315'-'315').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateE' (lines '315'-'315').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateE' (lines '315'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateE' (lines '315'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'latU' (lines '319'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'latU' (lines '319'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lngU' (lines '320'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lngU' (lines '320'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:323:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:323:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:324:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:324:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '328'-'340').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '328'-'340').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'distSel'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:328:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'distSel'.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:330:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:330:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'distEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'distEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:334:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	StringToString:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:337:	StringToString:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'340').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'340').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '340'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:340:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '342'-'373').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '342'-'373').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '342'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '342'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:345:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:345:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:347:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:347:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 340, 347, 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:348:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:348:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:357:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:357:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:363:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:363:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'latRef' (lines '364'-'364').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'latRef' (lines '364'-'364').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'latRef' (lines '364'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'latRef' (lines '364'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lngRef' (lines '365'-'365').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lngRef' (lines '365'-'365').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lngRef' (lines '365'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lngRef' (lines '365'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:366:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:366:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:369:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:369:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:374:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:374:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'distEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'distEv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:378:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	StringToString:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:380:	StringToString:	StringToString: Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'390').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'390').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '383'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:383:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:384:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:384:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:385:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '385'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:385:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '385'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:388:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:388:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'383').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'390').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'390').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distSel' (lines '390'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:390:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'distSel' is never used (overwritten on lines 383 and 390)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:392:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '392'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:392:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'peso' (lines '392'-'427').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:399:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:399:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:400:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:400:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:400:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:400:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:402:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:402:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:402:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:402:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'et' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'et' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like et
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:411:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like et
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:422:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'etc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:422:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'etc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccountPsw' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setAccountPsw' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:437:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:439:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:439:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '446'-'468').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '446'-'468').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:446:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:447:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:447:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:448:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:448:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:448:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:448:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:450:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:450:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:451:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:451:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:453:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:455:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:455:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:460:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:460:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:463:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:463:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:465:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:465:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:478:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:478:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:481:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:481:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:483:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inviate' (lines '483'-'492').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:483:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inviate' (lines '483'-'492').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:484:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:484:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageEvents' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:490:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageEvents' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:492:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inviate' (lines '492'-'492').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:492:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inviate' (lines '492'-'492').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:495:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:495:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:496:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:496:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
