src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/EventourApplication.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.apache.naming.factory.BeanFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.apache.naming.factory.BeanFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.apache.naming.factory.BeanFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.apache.naming.factory.BeanFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.*'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.*'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.*'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.*'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.mapping.MongoMappingContext'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.mapping.MongoMappingContext'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.mapping.MongoMappingContext'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.mapping.MongoMappingContext'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDatabaseFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDatabaseFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDatabaseFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDatabaseFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDbFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDbFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDbFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.MongoDbFactory'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultDbRefResolver'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:20:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.DefaultMongoTypeMapper'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.data.mongodb.core.convert.MappingMongoConverter'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'databaseName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'databaseName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'user' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'user' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:42:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:42:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectionString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connectionString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mongoClientSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mongoClientSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mongoClientSettings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mongoClientSettings
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:67:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/configuration/MongoDBConfiguration.java:67:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/booking/BookingController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/event/EventController.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/ticketisp/TicketInspController.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/controller/user/UserController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/BootstrapSingleton.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:20:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:20:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '29'-'34').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '29'-'34').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:70:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date.from' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateToConvert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usTyp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedU' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splittedU' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:109:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:109:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:110:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:110:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:110:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:110:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/Functionalities.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/PartitaIVAFunctions.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codeFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codeFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/functions/TypesE.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AccountResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typeUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/AccountResponse.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Location' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Location' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provincia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provincia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sigla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sigla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regione' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'regione' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/Location.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/AddBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/AddBookingRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Booking' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Booking' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:48:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:48:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:55:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:55:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/Booking.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/CheckBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/booking/CheckBookingRequest.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/AddEventRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/AddEventRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:31:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Event' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=30)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:31:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Event' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=22, WMC=30)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:73:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:73:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:93:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:93:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:174:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:174:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:182:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '192'-'193').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '192'-'193').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:217:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:217:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:232:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:232:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:269:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:269:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/Event.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:9:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventBookedResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=13)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:45:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prenotedSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'come' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:151:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:151:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'event' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'event' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventBookedResponse.java:159:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:23:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=11, NOAM=22, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:23:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'EventResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=11, NOAM=22, WMC=24)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:91:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:91:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:172:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:172:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:180:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataOra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'managerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'urlImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'freeSeat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'double1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/event/EventResponse.java:289:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'double1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/AddManagerRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/AddManagerRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manager' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.762%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=35)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:28:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Manager' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.762%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=35)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:64:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:65:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:66:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:66:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:66:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:66:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:76:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:77:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:77:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:79:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:79:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:212:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:212:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:227:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:227:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:264:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:264:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:266:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:267:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:267:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:267:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:267:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:269:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/Manager.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.DateTimeException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.DateTimeException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.DateTimeException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.DateTimeException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.mail.internet.AddressException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.mail.internet.AddressException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.mail.internet.AddressException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.mail.internet.AddressException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.functions.PartitaIVAFunctions'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.functions.PartitaIVAFunctions'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.functions.PartitaIVAFunctions'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.functions.PartitaIVAFunctions'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:26:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:26:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ManagerResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=18, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:71:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:71:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:97:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:97:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codicePIVA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:205:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ragioneSociale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:241:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/manager/ManagerResponse.java:241:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/AddTicketInspRequest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/AddTicketInspRequest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInsp' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInsp' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=16)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:43:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:147:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:147:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInsp.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInspResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:21:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'TicketInspResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ticket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ticket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:59:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:59:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/ticketinsp/TicketInspResponse.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/AddUserRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/AddUserRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.zip.DataFormatException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.zip.DataFormatException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.zip.DataFormatException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.zip.DataFormatException'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:29:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=15.789%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=32)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:29:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=15.789%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=32)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:70:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:193:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:193:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:208:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:208:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:227:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:227:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:227:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:227:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings: Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:236:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:236:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:244:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:254:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '254'-'255').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:254:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newArr' (lines '254'-'255').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/User.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:19:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'UserResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'surname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'residence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:211:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:211:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'types' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'types' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:219:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/model/user/UserResponse.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        }\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:28:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "    }" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/repository/booking/BookingRepository.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'booking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'booking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'book' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalBooking' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventM' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:117:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userOpt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:124:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:124:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:139:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:141:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idBooking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bookingData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/booking/BookingService.java:160:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.booking.BookingService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.booking.BookingService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.booking.BookingService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.booking.BookingService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.ticketisp.TicketInspService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.ticketisp.TicketInspService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.ticketisp.TicketInspService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.scarcolo.eventour.service.ticketisp.TicketInspService'
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:33:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'EventService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:50:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '50'-'55').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:50:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '50'-'55').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:51:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:51:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll(int, int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ordered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:84:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '86'-'118').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'events' (lines '86'-'118').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 118)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:86:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'events' is never used (overwritten on line 118)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'102').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'102').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'107').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'107').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'110').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'110').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'113').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'113').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'96').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'96').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'99').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:88:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paging' (lines '88'-'99').
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:92:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:92:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfElseStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:94:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:94:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:94:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:94:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataOra" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataOra" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:95:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:98:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:98:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:98:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:98:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:106:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:106:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:106:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:106:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInCaseInsensitiveComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:109:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:109:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:109:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:109:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:124:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:124:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:131:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:131:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paging' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:158:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:158:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:164:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:164:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:170:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optionalEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:173:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:173:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/event/EventService.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInspData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:42:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketInsps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticketR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces:	ForLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:66:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/ticketisp/TicketInspService.java:66:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:28:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UserService' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ticketInspRepository
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 32, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 32, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'psw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:49:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAccount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tickets' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tickets' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:58:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:58:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ticket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:63:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:63:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:75:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:75:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:92:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/scarcolo/eventour/service/user/UserService.java:92:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
